-: Welcome back.
In this step, we are going to understand
about ALB Ingress install introduction.
In step one, we are going to discuss
about introductory part of our Ingress Controller.
So now, we are going to create multiple service accounts,
IAM policies and then IAM roles.
So let's understand that on a very high level
before going ahead and then implementing the step two.
so let's go back to our Microsoft PowerPoint.
And then we are going to discuss
about Ingress Controller access control.
So we want to understand this
on a very high level so that for external DNS,
same concepts comes in. X-ray, same concepts comes in.
So a lot of whenever we are dealing
with the Kubernetes service accounts
and then IAM roles of AWS, same concepts comes in.
So we need to understand on a high level
what is happening before moving on to all these IAM role
and then service account concepts.
So my question here is,
how can Ingress Controller Pod in Kubernetes
create AWS resources like ALB, application load balancer,
target groups and register EKS Pods
or NodePort services to ALB targets?
So how it is going to do?
This is the core question.
So now, from access control perspective,
we need to understand two things primarily.
One is Kubernetes service account,
and another is AWS IAM role.
So, Kubernetes service account.
Usually we create service accounts to provide access
to what it need to do
for our respective pods inside Kubernetes,
what it can do inside Kubernetes cluster itself.
But now, whenever you integrate with AWS IAM role,
and then create IAM role,
and that IAM role is annotated
on this respective service account,
which means you are linking this respective IAM role
with this respective service account.
So you are telling Kubernetes that
you can go out of AWS cluster
and perform whatever you want in AWS also.
So you are giving the Kubernetes service account
whoever is using, which means that respective pod
whatever it is using, telling that.
In addition to whatever you can perform
inside Kubernetes cluster,
you can also do some jobs outside
of Kubernetes cluster in other AWS services.
So that's the reason I am annotating you with IAM role,
whatever it has access to.
And now, this respective Kubernetes service account
will have its own ClusterRole
and then ClusterRoleBinding informations
which it can do inside the cluster.
And IAM role will have IAM policy
which will tell us what this role can perform
with the AWS services presenting AWS.
So now, with these two things, it'll be able
to perform whatever is required inside Kubernetes cluster.
And this IAM policy via IAM role link to service account.
So whoever this service account,
means like the respective Ingress Controller Pod
who is going to use this service account,
he will be able to perform activities
outside of Kubernetes cluster and in AWS.
Something like creating the application load balancer.
So these things we are going to do
as part of the Ingress install controller.
So step by step, we have documented
what we are going to do
and then we'll implement accordingly.
Now, what is ClusterRole?
Information is provided here,
just information about what it can do inside the cluster.
So that is about ClusterRole. And ClusterRole.
And then service account is how you are going
to create a service account.
The sample manifest, I have provided here.
And ClusterRoleBinding, it is nothing,
but you are going to bind this ClusterRole
and the service account,
whatever you have created using the ClusterRoleBinding.
And this is the IAM policy, which is in discussion now.
So we can copy it now, and then go here,
and then verify the IAM policy.
So this IAM policy gives...
It means like it'll have the permissions
to describe certificate, list certificate, get certificate,
which is required for our application load balancer.
Which means if you see here...
No. Let me go out here, one second.
This service account will be able to perform,
describe certificate or list certificate,
or get certificate from this location itself
because it is annotated with IAM role.
So whatever the pod we have deployed
and then associated with this respective service account,
it can perform all these IAM policies
because this IAM policies somehow integrated
with this service account by annotating this IAM role.
So now here comes a bigger question for us.
How I am going to do all these things?
IAM policy, IAM role, service account,
how am I going to annotate all these things?
So with eksctl,
So with eksctl CLI, things become pretty easy now.
So you just create eksctl, create IAM service account.
It means like the name of the service account
is Ingress Controller and inside kube system.
And cluster is EKS Demo One.
And attach the policy,
whatever we have discussed just now, this one.
And automatically things will create.
And then linker this linking
and then this IAM role creation,
this service account creation.
And then linking these two will automatically happen.
So all those things can happen automatically.
So that's about on a very high level
about the introductory part
of our ALB install Ingress Controller introduction.
So in our next lecture, we'll move on with step two
of creating a Kubernetes service account
named Ingress Controller.
And then go ahead with other steps.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye.
Thank you.